Log warn when Prometheus exporter is configured (#1386)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-dotnet-instrumentation: docs/config.md

> ⚠️ **Do NOT use in production.**
>

> > Prometheus exporter [is intended for dev inner-loop,
> > there is no plan to make it production ready](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-dotnet/blob/622583c6ffaea2e3d83d4fcb8935c6a8dbc6f81f/src/OpenTelemetry.Exporter.Prometheus.HttpListener/README.md?plain=1#L10-L16).

Reviewer: Should we call out that this is the "HttpListener" version? 

After reading [this](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-dotnet/blob/622583c6ffaea2e3d83d4fcb8935c6a8dbc6f81f/src/OpenTelemetry.Exporter.Prometheus.HttpListener/README.md?plain=1#L10-L16) the user may ask how to use `OpenTelemetry.Exporter.Prometheus.AspNetCore`?

Personally, I think it would be easier if we simply:

```suggestion
> Prometheus exporter is intended for the inner dev loop.
> Production environments can use a combination of OTLP exporter
> with [OpenTelemetry Collector](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-releases)
> having [`otlp` receiver](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector/tree/v0.61.0/receiver/otlpreceiver) and [`prometheus` exporter](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib/tree/v0.61.0/exporter/prometheusexporter).
```

I believe that we might add support for the AspNetCore version of the Prometheus exporter in the future.

> > there is no plan to make it production ready](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-dotnet/blob/622583c6ffaea2e3d83d4fcb8935c6a8dbc6f81f/src/OpenTelemetry.Exporter.Prometheus.HttpListener/README.md?plain=1#L10-L16).

Reviewer 2: What is the `dev inner-loop` and why are we featuring this exporter here and not in a dev doc if it's not for production?

Reviewer: I think the wording is not perfect. That is why I suggested to change it in my review

Reference: https://www.getambassador.io/docs/telepresence/latest/concepts/devloop/#what-is-the-inner-dev-loop

Author: Taken from OTel SDK side. I think it is useful for developing/debugging scnearios.

Reviewer: > Why are we featuring this exporter here and not in a dev doc if it's not for production 

Good point. Personally, I think it may still be usable... But we may consider removing it completely. I think we considered it during the SIG meeting, but first we agreed to just mark it as "non-production".
